hi guys and welcome back to another
video if you're new here my name is
Olivia Jarvis in today's video I am
doing a huge Amazon active Whitehall and
try on and literally so looking forward
to doing this because I recently did a
sweaty Betty haul and I wasn't overly
impressed and a carpet to compare the
two because in this haul I honestly
spent like a quarter of the price right
here best of all I spent 400 pounds this
one I spent just over 108 pounds all
together but I really I love having like
different styles and making things
really cool and different like this
sports bra is from product this is 5
pounds and they do it in cocky
throughout like two colors it's got
really nice back you see you don't have
to spend a fortune but I thought this
would be a super fun video to do because
obviously everyone loves a bargain I
everything I got I got from Amazon Prime
so to the next day delivery which came
really quick and that you can't order
everything Prime that the majority of
things you did to get loads and
literally I'm so impressed so far also I
have seen people raving about this and
Megan's on Amazon but I supposed to be
really similar I did have a look down in
the reviews and there were a complete
mix of rip movies like from I know yeah
they're amazing they're so similar and
then of the Amazon reviews always wrote
me laughs like this or contrasting but I
can't like to try them for myself you
can seriously just never have enough
activewear like especially me because I
wear to wear a lot of but I'm not just
in the gym but just comfort I'll link
everything down below also don't forget
to pop over to my Instagram this is
where I speak to a lot of you guys so
yeah let's get straight into it these
are a definite Lululemon are you go
waste
young pants they're in a gray color
they're so nice literally the material
is super soft they've got phone pocket
love I love the phone I don't know it
either lilies are like they range don't
they from like 80 pounds up puts very
similar fabric and I love this color
like this I'll go of quite a lot of
light colors perfect listen the only
thing I would say is a bit of an
looseness just on that ankle I bought
these in the small and they fit perfect
and these were 1895 Island about a
hundred percent Scottish maybe a slight
comes out
I think that's just I always seem to
pull my leggings up super high for some
reason but I'm really loving and
hundreds that keeping these like
comparing these to the sweaty Betty
they're giving us but were like 80
pounds of up these are insane it's like
you're not wearing pants and waiters are
just so comfortable and breathable they
wouldn't fall down these are a really
good length for me I'm about five foot
six but these would also be perfect for
like slightly shorts girl because
they're not super super long on the leg
next up is this amazing like more pinky
color sports bra a kind of mockery pink
that like ribbed material it's not
overly supported but that is fine it's
got like extra bit here so you know got
a bit of skin that I always talk about
like it kind of pulls that in covers
that so comfortable and this was eight
pound 99 which is amazing and Cameron
like this little pink silk bag like I've
never seen anything like that nothing
I've ever order to the ride in such a
cute little bat and I've got this inner
sight no it has got really open back but
I think this would be nice and it's just
a bit different and I think this goes
really nice with these leggings too
obviously you could put this underneath
the hoodie if you don't like the back
haul it back to sheer and it's so funny
because I tried really similar sports
bra from sweaty breath you that was 50th
maybe 40 or 50 pounds and this is
literally $8.99 our madness isn't it
okay as men next I'm gonna start with
the shot these feel like such a cheap
material there's a probably got one of
two ways through the drawers and I don't
think I'm a fan I've got these in a size
small but yeah the describers push up
short but they don't do anything they're
just like a little bit of thin fabric
that priorities squatted wouldn't they
just follow that prizing Lee these are
definitely squatter prefer I didn't
expect them to be but you can't see
they're not sure at all and next is this
amazing white sports bra like I knew
you'd like this it's super supportive so
this would be a brilliant bright like
you're like you're not moving but is
also like quite pretty but in a
nightmare to get on obviously it's one
of them ones that you pull right over
there
I just think it's so pretty but I just
don't have you feel ready secure like
you're not sleeping out I impact and
it's $15.99 I've got it in a small and I
think it's really to size perfect small
fits perfect in there so next up is this
gorgeous color sports bra I'm literally
so happy with it they should feel
amazing quality it was 12 x 60 it's a
low-impact however it's described as our
impact but it's definitely not as well
as back the back is super pretty
really really nice material definitely
fitness I'm know she's so impressed I've
got so much good stuff
I like these up bit detail down here
he's like black leggings on I've got
like a Scrooge bum now they're nice but
they're super super long on he is so
these be good if you've got longer legs
they don't quite [ __ ] it around the
way so definitely come in here I put the
price up there quite a thick materials
well and they're like don't if you can
see they've got like this like pattern
which is not how actually got anything
like this at the moment I do like these
and they have quite secure like they're
not going to remove they were at
cameltoe in these and they're hundreds
got prefer everything I've bought is
actually squat proof which is amazing
that is a first and obviously for search
a good price like less than 110 pounds
all together next up is these amazing
navy blue leggings these are by the same
brand as they're like emerald green kind
of sports bra in the country and I got
these in a small fever 15 pounds 60 I
love the detail he did cut them to the
Jewish art and I definitely say probably
bit of a jute they're super flattering
really waist hugging and give you like a
bit cool me photos around here they're
definitely squat proof and there's no
sort of camel toe
I'd be confident to run about in meat
without falling down then I have a bit
gorgeous just plain black and simple
like yoga style this is really similar
to the Lululemon one I love this type of
crisscross back so pretty and this is
just a general like good necessity to
have class boy sports bra strap a yoga
bra remuda brought pads and this
definitely cop
of the Lululemon one and however it was
1199 which is such a good value I really
really like I'm so glad I got this it's
quite has been cheek kind of material
the back is probably my favorite partner
it's just gonna go as far but thank you
so much for watching this whole I really
hope you enjoyed it as much as I did so
impressive everything I got and I'm
gonna be keepin the majority of that so
I just wanted to show you that in a bit
more depth what if you could kind of see
the fabrics better just in case you do
want to order some things you know so
you can really get a feel because I know
I'm quite fussy when it comes to like
gym fabrics and that kind of stuff so
these were the shorts now the ruched
boom was lovely obviously it's just
quite like a plasticy like nylon kind of
feel compared which is a good comparison
so like these were great and orosi
they're so cheap
$7.99 and fit the artful like fact
they're not too short like your bum
isn't out or so that is good but
obviously just there was it wasn't much
there like there's not much hole it's
literatures like quite fabric II
compared to the leggings which were like
these were so similar to the Lululemon
fabric and you can see but like they're
just a much softer like silky fabric
really really impressed with these
especially in comparison so these are
definitely worth their value and up so
god Keith knees I might see if they do
any but a color really really did like
these and then these were the dark navy
ones Nara see they're like very similar
to that kind of Jim shark material and
they've got like nice bits of ribs and
stuff these were great as well and they
had a lot of hold I think these would be
great as like a tummy holding legging -
and these were the blacks black ones
I've never actually tried anything like
these they're quite a thin material they
were long but again they've got that
like boom ruching which is really
flattering like if you haven't tried the
bum ruching material I definitely
recommend giving it a try you might love
it and these are super highways compared
to all and they will be the more
high-waisted but you can obviously wear
them a bit lower down but they don't
have as much hold as these ones they're
just like a band like this one and the
shorts just have literally just got like
the singular band in them what good
value for money let me know if you'd
like to see more of these style videos
and I'll see you guys in the next video